Disable `useDefineForClassFields` for ~10% memory and 10-16% performance improvement (#3884)
mobxjs/mobx: .changeset/tiny-boxes-play.md

---
"mobx": patch
"eslint-plugin-mobx": patch
"mobx-react": patch
"mobx-react-lite": patch
"mobx-undecorate": patch
---

> In TypeScript transpilation, disable useDefineForClassFields to reduce memory requirements of classes having optional members.

Author: ```suggestion
Disable `useDefineForClassFields` in `tsconfig.json` to reduce memory footprint and improve performance of class instances with undefined and unused members.
```
